c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\DigitalCrowdFunding.dll.config
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\DigitalCrowdFunding.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\DigitalCrowdFunding.pdb
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\obj\Debug\DigitalCrowdFunding.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\obj\Debug\DigitalCrowdFunding.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\obj\Debug\DigitalCrowdFunding.pdb
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\AjaxControlToolkit.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\AjaxControlToolkit.pdb
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\ar\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\cs\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\de\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\es\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\fr\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\he\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\hi\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\it\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\ja\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\ko\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\nl\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\pt\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\ru\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\tr-TR\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\zh-CHS\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\sony\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DigitalCrowdFunding\DigitalCrowdFunding\bin\zh-CHT\AjaxControlToolkit.resources.dll
